# [0.6.0] - 2020-09-23

### Added

- Ability to pass to console name of project and creating directory for it.

## [0.5.1] - 2020-09-18

### Changed

- Bump up dependencies.

### Fixed

- Path to workspace's TypeScript version.

## [0.5.0] - 2020-09-01

### Added

- VSCode now will use project's TypeScript version.

### Fixed

- Crashing dev server on error in `.ts` files.

### Removed

- `postcss-preset-env` plugin.
- Ability to import `.pcss` and `.postcss` files.
- Ability to have `.m.*` and `.mod.*` parts in CSS modules, due to types conflicts.

## [0.4.4] - 2020-08-28

### Added

- `postcss-import` plugin to templates.

## [0.4.3] - 2020-08-28

### Added

- TypeScript now recognize css files with such extensions `.pcss` and `.postcss`. Also css module now can has `.m.*` and `.mod.*` part to signals that css must be interpreted as module.
- Autocompletion in css with `PostCSS` extension. 
- Edelweiss configuration file for development process.

### Changed

- Rollup configuration file to handle both templates.

### Fixed

- Building TypeScript project with imported css modules.

## [0.4.2] - 2020-08-27

### Added

- `common` directory where live common files for all templates.

### Changed

- Compress icons.

## [0.4.1] - 2020-08-27

### Removed

- Unnecessary icons (left only two) and config file for Windows 10 (it should be generated by developer itself). 

## [0.4.0] - 2020-08-27

### Added

- `Prettier` config file to `typescript` template.
- `robots.txt`.
- Make Edelweiss as PWA-ready (added manifest file, icons and service worker).

### Fixed

- Name of `@types/file_modules.ts` in _tsconfig.json_.

## [0.3.1] - 2020-08-25

### Changed

- `file_modules.ts` renamed to `file_modules.d.ts`.

## [0.3.0] - 2020-08-25

### Added

- Add `typescript` template.

## [0.2.1] - 2020-08-25

### Changed

- Bump packages.
- Fun message when project is ready.

## [0.2.0] - 2020-08-23

### Added

- Initial app that anyone can try.

### Changed

- `js` template to `javascript` with complete rewrite of inner structure.
- Template now contain small example of Edelweiss SPA.

### Removed

- `flow-js` template.

## 0.1.0

- Make templates for plain JS powered project and for Flow JS powered project.
- Make simple cli that can receive small amount of arguments.
- Write README.
- Add `edelweiss` and `baum` typings.

## 0.0.1

- Initial commit. Creating a library.
